License edits (#115)
redis-stack/redis-stack-docs: docs/stack/license/_index.md

* RedisInsight is licensed under the Server Side Public License (SSPL).

> * Redis Stack Server, which combines open source Redis with RediSearch, RedisJSON RedisGraph, RedisTimeSeries and RedisBloom, is dually licensed under the Redis Source Available License (RSALv2), as described below, and the [Server Side Public License](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Server_Side_Public_License) (SSPL). For information about licensing by versions, see [Versions and licenses](/docs/stack/#versions-and-licenses).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Redis Stack Server, which combines open source Redis with RediSearch, RedisJSON, RedisGraph, RedisTimeSeries, and RedisBloom, is dual-licensed under the Redis Source Available License (RSALv2), as described below, and the [Server Side Public License](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Server_Side_Public_License) (SSPL). For information about licensing per version, see [Versions and licenses](/docs/stack/#versions-and-licenses).
```
